---
title: Linux
date: 2025-08-28
---

I HATE VISUAL NOVELS. I ALSO REALLY HATE MR BEAST. 

ahahaha context: I got the stupid discord gambling mrbeast virus/scam. My best guess is that it's coming from this visual novel (which will not be named...) I tried pirating which gave me a trojan. a virus trojan btw do not come @ me

this is so funny because i literally searched up "trojan" right now on my school chromebook to see if I could find some solutions and it hit me with things that are probably going to get my bitchass called into the office right now. I am so smart

anyway, my laptop is pretty much fried. so I'm going to install Linux Mint! Cinnamon flavored! woohoo! I'd be much happier if I could do it now though. I don't have a spare usb drive at all (i've turned my room upside down trying to find a spare) so I'll need to buy an extra one. I hope that the virus just doesn't do something stupid like take my emails & other discord accounts... 

It's kind of a lot to hope for now that I realize I'm going to leave my laptop behind for 4-ish days. I logged out of everything last time I used my laptop. Hopefully it doesnt get bricked? I think that's my main fear with this. 

I'm not a stranger to linux, I believe I used it some time when I was 13? My memory is fuzzy but I do remember some bits and pieces of it. I was interested in linux since the laptop I used at the time was this AWFUL slow old one from years ago. Just awful. 0 space in it too. Barely ran roblox. 


I won't be completly out of the internet for a few days though. I've spent HOURS playing games on my dad's office computer when I used to live with him and I still do whenever I visit. I can access discord through the browser. 

Ah oh well. The only thing that I'm really pissed off about is that one of my friends, who I've known for a long time & helped me a LOT with html and css blocked me. They were sent the mrbeast scam image from the hacker, and thought it was me. Out of all the damage done, this is one of the heaviest blows. 
