---
Title: remember
Date: 2025-09-15
---

I wonder if people will begin to remember.

I don't really know what's with me today. I am *extreamly* exhausted and the second I close my eyes, my mind scares me with thoughts of people talking about me like last year.

It really does feel awful. The torment, the pain, not a single second can I ever have peace. Had I shut my mouth and been normal- this wouldn't have ever happened and I'd probably be fine right now.

wow i kind of DO need therapy. The restless thoughts won't get better even if I isolate myself from the internet and try whatever I can. unfortunatley my stupid ass school kind of ruined that for me and I genuinely cannot picture myself being with a therapist/counselor/whatever so ummmm. 

I really, really do hate it when people talk about me. Say awful things about me. It's genuinely like the worst thing ever.

anyway... the school blocked the drawing app I typically use & use to talk to my friend in classes we dont have so thats nice. 

I don't know. i really just feel so off today. awful too. My head hurts and my stomch hurts and I have no desire to eat despite feeling hungry. actually now that I think of it maybe the school sending out mental health surveys played a part. its so manipulative? "your school cares about you!" no my school tried killing me wtf

Its strange? i'm friends with (almost) all the people who talked about me last year with the entire angel thing. why am i so afriad. I have a decent reputation and nobody has anything serious against me. 

its almost been a year since my big ass crashout on rentry. will it be talked about? will people bring it all back? 

I'm terrified and for no reason at that.
