---
title: Last
date: 2025-08-8
---

It's the last day.

I lied about the actual "last date" I stalled long enough to get me sent back on the 9th. 

The days not over but it's not the best. My little sister is awfully on my nerves, and I have this dreading feeling of doom coming. I don't know what my sister's problem is, she's  spoiled of course- but it's getting to a point. I do wish my mom raised her to be more respectful. And grateful as well. She's bought like 10 different shoes because she complains that they're "too tight" (they fit perfectly like 2 hours ago) or some other excuse. It's not for shoes either, she complains over everything. It' nice that she gets things, but I can't help but feel bad at the amount of money she spends.

Oh, surprisingly, my strange idea of living alone might work? Emphasis on might. It's technically legal and i'll be 18 in like 1 1/2 years anyway. There's some really nice apartments near the house my dad lives in. I could ask. I mean, I don't have choices here. I don't even know what's going to happen tommorow. 

Some part of me wishes I was just born in another family. another asian/indian family obviously i could NOT stand having white parents. The family drama, the greed, and the manipulation are killing me. I envy the people who have it easy. I really wish I did, too. People could argue that challenges are what make life the way it is, but I don't think it's worth the pain. 

So tiring. I hope something happens and I get to live in that apartment. I cannot stand any of these families. I can't really end the execution either... I have too many things I still want to do in life, as dreadful and pain-ridden as it is. 

My legs still hurt but the chances of me getting it seen by a doctor is like 2%. I genuinely don't know what I should do or if i'm just overreacting. It hurts a lot though and I walk strange because of it. I'd cry, but I'm much too tired to keep crying.

I'll figure it all out. Except for the fact I have one day to "figure it all out" before I (assumably) get thrown back to my aunt's house or dad's house.

Would foster care be an option? It's a little useless... I don't think many families would chose a 16 year old. And as said, It's only 2 more years until I can legally get out. 

I want to go home. A place that I can call home without the bothers of an abusive household. 

I'll figure it out.