---
title: New-World
date: 2025-06-15
---
I have literally 10 minutes to type this all out on a public library while my little sister bugs me to print out a Bluey coloring page. how nice...

Anyway, blog updates:

good: Im alive!

bad: MY LAPTOP IS GONE.

There's a major issue. My laptop is still gone and presumably either thrown away or wrapped in a grochery store plastic bag in some closet. I also moved to my mom's house for the summer, so there is just about 0% of a chance of me being able to retrive it now. Without my laptop, I can't do anything. Can't 3D model, can't use Live2D, can't do code, can't do a lot of things...

I have a phone however. A normal one that isnt the really cheap flip phone that ive covered in cinnamoroll stickers. I can access github through there and I've also installed an application that allows me to test my HTML code. However as expected, it's not the best. I hate typing on small mobile screens by the way, I type much faster on my flip phone since it has these huge buttons. 

This sucks. My plan?


I'll either get a summer job with the experience I have with working at retail for hours since I was like 10, or I'll ask for a cheap laptop on my birthday (December 8th, 6 months away.) I don't need anything too big for now.

Since I have 3 minutes before I have to get off this computer, here's a few good things that have been happening:

1) The library has a small section dedicated to website coding which I'm very fond of

2) My mom has a netflix account, and lets me use the kids one. Good enough?

3) I bought a coloring book as a stress reliver

4) I started sleeping more

5) I found a way to still get on websites such as springlove and rentry

6) I AM AWAY FROM MY STUPID GASLIGHTING SCHOOL

I HAVE ONE MINUTE LEFT OH GOD. Okay yeah whatever. I'll make it out and survive the horrors eventually. New blog post soon? Hopefully?
