---
title: Doomed
date: 2025-08-09
---

well guys! this went even worse then I expected. ohhhh good lord. also im back on the school chromebook old habits die hard ahahaha

first of all, my mom is not going to keep me because of my stupid ass eating disorder. Actually its not even her its my step dad telling her that he wont keep me because of it. 

second, my dad might pick me up but ive kind of come to the point where its like "ehhhh is this school that bad..." (it is)

third i actually have not cried this hard since the stuff in june oh lord. anyway... they blocked rentry, youtube, photopea, um kind of everything on the school chromebooks. kind of expected actually. not github though or strawpage so i can still make my dumb websites. hooray!

oh also important: I STILL DONT HAVE MY LAPTOP BACK LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 

rest in peace. I'll miss you, old laggy hp laptop that ran windows 10... i go to my cousins house tommorow at 8 am so i might ask her. idk ive kind of had meltdowns ebvery 2 seconds i genuinely am 2 seconds away from screaming and cryinvg. also i turned in that school issued phone so unless i find some way to modify my 3ds or flip phone or SOMETHING i have no access to things like discord. Will i try jailbreaking this chromebook? no lol i would have no idea what id do. id probably break it actually

how to fix my mental health? my laptop. my laptop and probably getting some friends. AND MY GODDAMN PARENT SITUATION FIXED. WHAT DO YOU MEAN MY OWN PARENTS DONT WANT ME BECAUSE OF A STIPOD DISORDER NO NOI NO
im fine

okay also i read my diary and i think i may have genuinely been clinically insane at one point. for legal reasons that is a joke its just my really bad handwriting i had im refering to that okay. genuinely i have the handwriting of a schizophernic 90 year old 

umm.... yeah i kind of am alone now. idk what i will do oh also ive come back to watching vtuber stream clips so i think thats a sign. i havent watched nijisanji since 2022. how did i watch these with a straight face. 

im so tired lol 
